Add input check functions using `{cli}` (#150)
R-ArcGIS/arcgislayers: README.Rmd

county_fl
```

You can then use `arc_select()` to query the feature layer object and return an `sf` object.

If no arguments are provided to `arc_select()` the entire feature layer is returned in memory as an `sf` object. 

```{r}
arc_select(county_fl)
```
### Filtering using `where` or `filter_geom` arguments 

> You can also use the `fields` argument to subset columns or `where` argument to subset rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the `fields` argument to select columns or the `where` argument to subset rows.
```

)
```

> For `FeatureLayer` and `Table` objects, the `list_fields()` function can be helpful to check available attributes and build a `where` query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `FeatureLayer` and `Table` objects, and sometimes `ImageServer`s, the `list_fields()` function can be helpful to check available attributes and build a `where` query:
```

)
```

### Creating a `SpatRaster` from an ArcGIS ImageServer

A `SpatRaster` object from the `{terra}` package can be extracted from an `ImageServer` using `arc_raster()`.

> `arc_raster()` requires a `bbox` class object from the `sf` package to define the area to be extracted. You can optionally specify the `width` and `height` of the resultant image. Use `format` to define what type of image is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`arc_raster()` will extract the area defined by `xmin`, `ymin`, `xmax`, and `ymax`. You can optionally specify the `width` and `height` of the resultant image. Use `format` to define what type of image is returned.
```

sorry... just catching my own issues here...

Author: A bit unrelated by why does arc_raster not provide a bbox argument? Feels a little fiddly to require users to define each of those parameters separately when a bbox is basically just a names list of those parameters.

Reviewer: The endpoint that is used `export` does not permit adding any spatial filters (at least that I can tell). I also initially had it so that a `bbox` object could be used. But then I found it somewhat odd that you would have to create a bbox with a specified CRS from sf to get a terra object. I felt it made more sense (and consistent with other tooling in & out of the R ecosystem) to provide the x/y min/max values 

export-image docs:  https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/services-reference/enterprise/export-image.htm

terra::plotRGB(res, 4, 3, 2, scale = max(landsat[["maxValues"]]))
```

## Authorization and publication

### Authorization for non-public data access

Authorization is required for users who wish to access data that is in a non-public ArGIS Online (AGOL) organization, in an ArcGIS Enterprise portal, or wish to upload data to or modify data in AGOL.

> For more information on code based authorization using the `auth_code()` function or client authorization using `auth_client()` see the `{arcgislayers}` [authorization article](articles/Authorization.html).
> 

Reviewer: The article was removed from the package in favor of the article on the site to dedupe docs.
```suggestion
For more information on code based authorization using the `auth_code()` function or client authorization using `auth_client()` see the [authorization article](https://r.esri.com/r-bridge-site/location-services/connecting-to-a-portal.html).
```

### Publishing data from R

The package includes functions to publish data to an ArcGIS Portal:

- `add_item()`: Creates a new FeatureCollection from a `sf` or `data.frame` object

> - `publish_item()`: Publishes an existing FeatureLayer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `publish_item()`: Publishes an existing FeatureLayer
- `publish_layer()`: is a higher level wrapper around both `add_item()` and `publish_item()`
```
